


## Projects

### Rust to Python
This week, I have been considering switching back to Python for some software projects. Recently, I have pondering why I switched to Rust in February of this year. It seems that the switch was initiated by difficulties with Python's dynamic typing during the development of SLAG. Speed was also a concern but I have noticed in former versions of the website backend, the poor performance was caused by highly inefficient methods of loading and processing files and not by Python.

I noticed that using Rust was much more difficult with th

As I have not done nearly anything with the Rust version of ContactList, I may consider writing that in Python, possibly with Flask instead of Django.

Embedded software, such as MediaCow Touch 2 SMEC, will continue to use Rust. 

### MediaCow Touch 2
I know I have put MCT2 on hold for now but I had a recent revelation. I found out that some laptops have LCD panels with the touchscreen integrated into the panel itself and these panels are not difficult to get.

I have started to look into a screen swap for a father's laptop, specifically a ThinkPad T14 Gen 1. When I pulled the display out, I noticed that it had an Innolux N140HCR-GL2 display.

The display in particular is thinner and does not have a separate touchscreen overlay like the 11.6" DFRobot capacitive touchscreen that I currently have planned for use in the project. I would not be able to use this display as it is unfortunately broken, which is why I took it out of the laptop in the first place.

The N140HCR-GL2, however, is electrically incompatible with the eDP interface on the LattePanda Mu System on Module. If I were to use this display, I would have to make a separate but simple PCB design that would convert the pinout from the Mu to the pinout used by the display. I cannot use any interfaces exposed through the edge connector as the 'DDIB' interface is used for the external HDMI connector and the two 'TCP' ports with DisplayPort are used for USB Type-C DisplayPort Alternate Mode. If it is worth doing, especially now that I have the DFRobot display, is still unknown. Another thing to note is that the N140HCR-GL2, as stated in the part number, is fourteen inches so I would have to make the device noticeably larger in size.

### ContactList
On October 9, 2024, I started fresh on the source code for ContactList. This time, I immediately went for organization of code into modules. 

### vsc-black-theme
Recently, I decided to make some fundamental changes to the custom VSCode/VSCodium theme that I use.

The development of Lysine introduced me to how programming languages are parsed and processed which was helpful for understanding how color schemes are applied to code. 

### Lysine
I have been doing some, but minimal, work on Lysine within the last week. I decided to have Lysine parsers in different programming languages part of the same repository. Currently, the repository has directories for Rust, Python and Lua. I plan to work on the Python version of Lysine soon as it would be needed when I start using Python for web applications again.

## Personal
This was an interesting week, in a good way.

### Brightpoint Connect
On October 10, 2024, I briefly attended the "Brightpoint Connect" event where I showcased the desktop ["Polyethylene"](/projects/wbpc/pc_pe/). As the event was outside, I did not power on the desktop.

I did not expect to even attend it since I thought the tables were going to be set up in the middle of the feild between campus buildings where we would be in constant, direct sunlight which would limit what I could showcase as I did not want computer hardware in direct sunlight. The table was set up under an awning on the side of the building, there was some direct sunlight on the desktop and laptop but not on any critical components. The case that the desktop uses has some insulation that kept the components cool while sunlight was shining on the front part of the case.

Since I did not expect to attend, I did not have any printed flyers or signup sheets. I used the [laptop](/projects/wbpc/pc_pmma/) to show the club flyer but the battery was already low. The battery did not last too long and I had to put away the laptop, leaving me with no information about the club. As some were wondering how to sign up and I did not anything to show with that information, I decided to pack up and go back home.