
## Projects
Project activity has been limited this week. Unfortunately, I do not have anything of significance to show here. 

All Flipper Zero related projects have been cancelled.

### Fedora Linux
This week, I have started to look into Fedora to take place of Linux Mint on any systems currently making use of Linux Mint.

## Personal
This was a physically painful week, with the contraction of a cold that I believe was the result of sleeping in a room that was below-freezing at night [the week before](/blog/wk48_2024/).

### Antidepressant Discontinuation Syndrome
Due to the severity of the situation, this is included in the Week 49 blog post though it has technically ocurred on Week 50 (Monday).

The effects of the total discontinuation of fluoxetine on November 18, 2024 has been subtle up to now, December 9, 2024. I have noticed within the last week that the symptoms of getting agitated easily, worsened anxiety, impulsiveness among others have progressively gotten worse. I knew it was a terrible idea to stop abruptly and I have definitely felt the consequences of it.

I have stopped using Instagram and Discord indefinitely, where I am serious this time; I am not going to just end up using these services again the next day like I did last time. As there are some I can only communicate with through one of these services, I would only go on in case of an emergency. This is to prevent the further damage of relationships. Optimistically this would be resolved by the Spring 2025 college semester where I may have to use these services again.

I removed many of the contact methods from the [about page](/) for now as I do not expect to be on those services for the time being.  