
## History

### Banana Pi F2P/F2S
I found out about the Banana Pi F2P/F2S single board computer in around April 2020. I found that it was fascinating that Sunplus has released a general-purpose ARM SoC. I acquired the board shortly after but I did not make much use of it until years later. As of September 24, 2024, Sunplus lists Tibbo and Banana Pi as the two vendors of SP7021-based hardware.

### Personal Factors
I have generally had interest in Sunplus Technology as I learned about the hardware in the V.Smile and Hyperscan consoles after I found an SPHE8203R in a DVD player in April 2019. The V.Smile had great importance in my early childhood. 

## The SP7021
The SP7021 was created in collaboration between Sunplus Technology and Tibbo Technology. 

I personally believe that the SP7021 has great potential as it seems to be the only Linux-capable SoC/SiP that is in a TQFP package with integrated DRAM (the Allwinner A13 requires external DDR2/DDR3 memory). 

### Possible Applications
I consider the SP7021 to be more of an embedded industrial control processor instead of a multimedia processor.

## My Projects

### Current
Starting September 26, 2024, all hardware projects have been put on hold for the time being

#### SP7021-Block
SP7021-Block is a single-board computer design that was started in late September 2024 as one other vendor has released a single board computer: Banana Pi. 

SP7021-Block is intended to be a physically smaller and lower cost option than the F2P/F2S intended for the maker market. 

#### MediaCow Touch 2
Starting September 11, 2024, MediaCow Touch 2 uses the SP7021 as its embedded controller (dubbed System Management Embedded Controller; SMEC). 

### Upcoming/Idea-only

#### MediaCow Touch Mini SP7021
MediaCow Touch Mini SP7021 is an upcoming experimental hardware design for a tablet-like portable media player that demonstrates the use of a Cologne Chip GateMate series FPGA with the SP7021 in a mobile application.

#### NetKart ECU
One of the earliest ideas I had for the SP7021 was to use it in an engine control unit (ECU) system for an experimental camless/free-valve engine configuration. I do not plan to work on this for a long time. 


