With the development of StaticSite delaying blog posts, I have merged Week 51 and 52 into one post.

## Projects

### StaticSite and This Website
From December 20 to December 26, 2024, I have worked on StaticSite, a static site generator to take place of the Rust-based dynamic site generator, ctclsite-rust, I have been using for this website.

Unlike any of the prior web-related projects I have worked on, StaticSite takes in a directory of Markdown and JSON and generates HTML and CSS files to be used directly by a web server such as nginx. It takes inspiration from swerc from the suckless team.

There has been no need for dynamic pages on this website since the beginning. The idea to start writing website "backends" that generate HTML on every page load was from the RAMList section of the website where it was impractical to update the lists by writing HTML by hand. I did not realize that HTML and CSS can be generated once by a script then uploaded to a webserver.

The script, build.py, ended up being a mess but it worked and is significantly smaller and faster than the prior attempts that used Flask, Actix-Web and Django.

I plan to have this a temporary solution until I better understand web development. As this seems to work while being maintainable, I do not expect to have to come up with something else any time soon.

#### Website Changes
With the introduction of StaticSite, I have signicantly improved browser compatibilty. I have tested the website with lightweight web browsers such as NetSurf.

Custom web fonts for all pages except for those relating to MediaCow Touch 2 have been removed to improve performance, network usage and compatibility.

With image thumbnailing, introduced on December 28, 2024, some pages, specifically the [MediaCow Touch 2 - Part 4 blog post](/blog/mct2_p4/) has seen a 2160% reduction in network usage.


### MediaCow Touch 2
On December 22, 2024, I returned to Maymont Estate in Richmond, Virginia to take background photos.

On December 23, 2024, I edited and uploaded the backgrounds to the [MediaCow Touch 2 repository](https://github.com/ctcl-bregis/mct2/tree/main/media/background). All but one of the backgrounds are available in 8K resolution, with mct2\_ny\_1.png being in 4K. This time, I listed the location, date and source image for each background. The original images are available with EXIF metadata available for viewing the camera settings used.

### MediaCow Micro
I have put some ideas into the MediaCow Micro repository but I have not made any commitment to any of the projects.

### Volvo ECU Tool
On December 22, 2024, I received a Volvo ECU removal tool in order to make technical drawings of the tool in order to create a 3D model that can be used by anyone to 3D print the tool.

### Misc. things from AliExpress
On December 24, 2024, I received four different things from AliExpress. This includes: A WeAct STM32H743VIT6 development board, a display controller for an Innolux N156HCG-GQ1 panel, A WeAct STM32WB55 development board and a RS232 to TTL transceiver board.

The STM32H743VIT6 development board may be used for developing software and hardware for the future MediaCow Micro S "Turlock" project as STM32H743 has shown that it has plenty of processing power and would be suitable for the project.

The STM32WB55 development board may be used for developing software for the Flipper Zero without the risk of damaging the Flipper Zero.

The N156HCG-GQ1 display controller may be used to build a monitor similar to the current MonitorCow-N156KME-GNA. As each are named after what panel they use, the monitor using this board may be named MonitorCow-N156HCG-GQ1. This monitor would be intended for use with my current laptop, the HP ZBook Studio G3 15 as it has the same DPI value due to being 1920x1080 and 15.6".

The RS232 to TTL transceiver board may be used to replace the micro USB port in the Ender V2 3D printer. The transceiver would bypass the CH340 USB-serial IC on board, allowing for a more direct connection between controller computer's motherboard and the STM32 on the Ender V2's controller board.

All of these items were less than US$45 in total.

### WBPC1
I have been using i3 for a week now. 

One issue that I have encountered is that audio is difficult to work with. Practically any time I want to play audio, I open Audacity and pavucontrol and change settings until it works. Sound being an infamous issue on Linux, I would likely ignore it.

I ended up replacing PipeWire with PulseAudio for the time being.

### MonitorCow
As I mentioned in the Week 46-47, 2024 Blog post, I have decided to hold off from attempting to use the wood CNC machine to carve the case for MonitorCow until I get refreshed on using the machine.

It is likely that I would not be able to go to this class until sometime in January.

As mentioned above in the 'Misc. things from AliExpress' section, I do plan on building yet another MonitorCow device after the initial MonitorCow-N156KME-GNA's are built. 

### AI Usage
I have continued to use the Cody extension on VSCodium. It appeared to have significantly sped up my work.

### hyfetch
On December 21, 2024, [my pull request improving menu navigation for hyfetch](https://github.com/hykilpikonna/hyfetch/pull/372) was merged. This is my first pull request where I have written Rust and the first for an LGBT-related project.

### Steam Deck
As of December 31, 2024, I am waiting for the Steam Deck to arrive.

## Other
On December 24, 2024, I discovered that Nanya Technology has released their DDR5 memory and has appeared to have brought back the elixir brand.

## Personal

### 2025
I felt as I have not made nearly as much of the time I had before January 6, 2025, where I have no idea what is going to happen.

I have been planning on switching the website domain to something without the .lgbt TLD for my own safety and security.

### Virus from Week 49
I do not believe what I had during Week 49 was the cold or the flu. Earlier in Week 51, I have been experiencing the unique metallic taste that is often [associated with COVID-19](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC10859368/); what I experienced when I first had the virus in October 2022. This time, I have had greater difficulty with memory and concentration which I initially attributed to exhaustion and stress relating to college.

Both rapid tests I used returned negative however the tests expired in January this year.

### December 29, 2024
On December 29, 2024, I had yet another virus. Though this time, it was one of the most painful experiences I had.

This delayed the blog post until December 31, 2024.

