## Projects

### MediaCow Touch 2

### SP7021 Development
Recently, I have decided to pull out the Banana Pi BPI-F2P single-board computer to test its ability to run the i3 window manager after my succesful experience with i3 on the ThinkPad X200 Tablet ("R121"). It appeared that the image present on the microSD card was the experiment I done with attempting to build a Debian image for the BPI-F2P in May 2021. In the process of updating packages, I ran into issues with outdated apt configuration relating to GPG keys. After appearing to install the current GPG keys, I ran into more issues with package dependencies that eventually broke the installation.

I decided to rebuild the image as many changes have been done to the Sunplus/Tibbo-provided Linux resources since May 2021 and the last time I attemped to work on the system being in July 2023.

I successfully built the image though I chose the "BusyBox" rootfs option that left me with minimal tools to work with. I attempted a hacky solution to use debootstrap to convert the installation to Debian by copying over various root directories and files. As expected, a kernel panic occurred on boot. I may try the Ubuntu Server rootfs option next. 

### WBPC1
On December 14, 2024, I have started the process of switching the dual-booted Linux Mint and Windows 10 installation to Fedora.

Unfortunately, during the backup process, I did not push the the website configuration repository to GitHub. I lost all of the writing for this blog post, a major part of MediaCow Touch 2 Part 11 blog post and possibly many other edits of other pages. I had to write this post all on December 15, 2024. The reason for this is that I did not look over what I have written so I did not feel comfortable pushing what I have written to GitHub. With the amount of other things I needed to do to complete the backup process, I forgot about the website configuration repository. I do not know what else was lost in this so I may have to check over most pages that I believe that were modified recently.


## AI Usage
On December 14, 2024, I have started to use the Cody extension for VSCodium to explore its capabilities. AI usage has been very limited in my projects, with the first time it assisting me was with Serine. 

This is the first blog post that I used with AI assistance. It's main purpose for writing content pages such as this is for sentence completion. Privacy is not much of a concern as this content is public information.



## Personal
