
## Projects

Priority with projects are currently:

1. ContactList
2. N156KME-GNA-based MonitorCow
3. SLAG
4. Planned feature additions to the website

### ContactList
ContactList is high priority with the amount of contact information I may need to store and access recently. It is also one of the more complicated software projects I have planned

### The Website
I have been adding more and more content to the website as I now use the website for writing documentation for my projects. Along with content, small fixes and additions to the backend code have been added.

The access log function is still unfinished and remains unuseed as of October 7, 2024.

### SLAG
I had an attempt to start working on SLAG again. At first, I went back to Python which did not last long due to being so used to Rust.

From my experience, Discord bots are one of the most annoying types of software to develop. This is a reminder that I do not develop software for fun; I develop software to fulfill a purpose. 

SLAG was created to have a Discord bot (now called "Apps" for some reason) that could do anything I wanted it to and have any data it collects stay on my servers. I could no longer trust third-party Discord bots due to recent privacy concerns with them though it is likely that Discord itself is not any better.

### NetWiki
I have started some preliminary work on NetWiki, documentating ideas as I go. I do not expect to get much progress done with NetWiki soon.

### MonitorCow
I finally decided to get a couple Innolux N156KME-GNA LCD panels to make a couple of monitors that are to be used with the [desktop PC](/projects/wbpc/#wbpc_pbt). These panels are to be received on October 7, 2024.

#### Case
While the controller board and LCD panel are likely going to be "plug-and-play", the case would be the challenge.

Unlike MediaCow Touch 2 and more like the original ideas for MediaCow devices, the monitors are to be constructed from wood. This is due to the larger size of the monitors and the resources I currently have available. 

Some parts may still be 3D printed such as mounting pieces. Another challenge that may be faced is that the LCD panels do not have mounting brackets. 

### Desk Setup 
Though not mentioned in the last week blog post, I have removed the top shelf of my desk. This was done to lower the computer monitors to eye-level as I have long grown uncomfortable of having to look up at the monitors. 

## Personal
This week, after putting MediaCow Touch 2 on hold, I have started to work on improving productivity.

It has been nothing short of a challenge getting myself to finish schoolwork in a certain class. 

