
## Projects

### Website
Dates and date ranges in configuration files are now stored as RFC3339 timestamps with a "dateprecision" field that selects the format that the date would be displayed in. For example, with "year", 2024-11-08T00:00:00Z would be displayed as "2024" and with "day", 2024-11-08T00:00:00Z would be displayed as "November 8, 2024".

### NetWiki
For the longest time, I have not been able to decide whether to write the app in Rust or Python.

On November 11, 2024, I made the final decision to write NetWiki in Python. This is due to multiple reasons: for one, that, in my experience, Rust has been more difficult to use than Python. Second is that I have noticed that Python has recently became siginificantly more popular and I feel as I should get myself familiar with the language.

### MonitorCow
I have decided to have the cases carved out of MDF as it may be faster to fabricate, lower material costs and avoid splitting the model in half and then gluing the halves together.

My goal is to have at least one of these monitors built by the time I go back to New York later in November.

### "Polybutylene Terephthalate"
On November 5, I have done some work on WBPC1, "Polybutylene Terephthalate"; the main desktop that I use. I looked into ways to have the case fans run quieter while still being able to use the existing fans. I found out about the "ECO" mode for AMD CPUs, I enabled this feature and set the fan profiles "Silent" from "Standard" in the BIOS. With ECO mode, there was a noticeable drop in performance in some games though the difference is tiny. Even with the fan profile set to "Silent", the CPU temperatures never go over 55C when stress tested with Prime95 or in game on Windows. Rust compile times on Linux stayed about the same with ECO mode. The system is much quieter after these changes. Before, I could not hear myself think.

On November 8, Steam was removed from the system due to various reasons.

### "Polyoxybenzylmethyleneglycolanhydride"
"Polyoxybenzylmethyleneglycolanhydride", the ThinkServer TS200v I used as a desktop in late 2020 then used as a router until 2023. I designated the system as "WBPC3".

I put a graphics card in the system so I could use two monitors, though most graphics cards I put in the system either caused the BIOS to not pass POST or crash when loading Linux Mint. The only graphics card that I tested so far that was functional was the HD 4770, however, the system would crash when more than one monitor is connected. I theorize this is related to the graphics card's limited amount of VRAM (512MB) with the realitively heavy resource usage of the Cinnamon desktop environment. Interestingly, the HD 4770 is among the first graphics cards with GDDR5 memory[[1]](https://www.techpowerup.com/review/diamond-hd-4870/), supplied by Qimonda at first[[2]](https://web.archive.org/web/20080916140737/http://www.qimonda.com/about/press/releases/05_2008_GDDR5_AMD_e.html). The unit in use, specifically, has eight IDGV51-05A1F1C-40X produced Week 36, 2008 likely in Sandston, Virginia.

I put in 8GB of RAM. Despite the overwhelming, possibly obsessive, amount of DDR3 ECC RAM that I have in the lab, I could only find four matching modules that were DDR3 *unbuffered* ECC: four 2GB Hynix HMT125U7TFR8C-H9.

After installing Linux Mint, when I still had the Pentium G6950 installed, I noticed that the EDAC kernel module did not load. I found an extra Xeon X3450 that was part of the three X34xx-series CPUs that I got when I upgraded the storage server (WBSD "Promethazine") and router (ROUTER1 "Dextromethorphan"). After installing the Xeon CPU, I noticed that the EDAC module now loads. This likely means that the G6950 did not have ECC memory support which for the longest time (since early 2020), I thought it did.

To test its ability to run VSCodium, I wrote almost all of this section and some of the other sections from the system. The system is more capable than I imagined.

## Personal
This week was quite awful... not just for myself. 

### LeetCode
I have completed some Python and SQL work on LeetCode mainly to educate myself in those languages while showing experience.

### College
Starting November 8, 2024, I have been started to get pressured to complete college work; something that I expected to be able to be motivated to do on my own.

### Social Media
I started to use Discord again as I observed that my emotions did not change all that much and how I felt on November 4 as described in the previous blog post did not persist. What I was experiencing on November 4 was most likely the comedown of the ADHD medication. The effects of the dosage decrease of fluoxetine has been gradual and I do not expect to have any (or at least, any more) significant changes in my emotions for at least a couple weeks.

However, I will continue to limit usage of Discord to where it is actually needed such as messaging friends and helping/getting help relating to computer software and hardware development.

I may continue to be inactive on Instagram as it has not been that useful in recent times anyway.

I have also updated my LinkedIn following some recommendations.

### The US
It took me a couple days to comprehend the result of the 2024 US Presidential Election. I will not go into much detail about it as I want to avoid discussing politics here. There is not much I can do about it; all I can do is try to stay safe in the upcoming years.
