

## Projects

### Lysine and Serine
Due to the potential complexity of implementing HTML, CSS and Markdown functionality in a single project, I decided to split major functionality into separate projects.

On November 30, 2024, the split of the CSS preprocessor functionality from Lysine into Serine was finalized. 

The name Serine is derived from the medication serdexmethylphenidate. This is directly related to the name of the project Lysine; Lysine is named after the function of the other stimulant prodrug, lisdexamfetamine. The idea behind both names is that the compilier processes the language into something that can be used on a webpage like how the body processes the prodrug, by stripping the attached amino acid, into active medication. In whole, these specific examples are based off my interest in the development of treatments for ADHD.

### MediaCow Touch 2
On November 27, 2024, MediaCow Touch 2 started to undergo a major refactoring of the design and documentation.

For both the [MCT2 repository](https://github.com/ctcl-bregis/) and the documentation on this website, I dumped everything into a directory named "old" and basically started over.

I decided to keep the Sunplus SP7021 as the embedded controller.

### InfoSite
I ran into a bind when I was working InfoSite. I noticed that lack of planning quickly resulted in confusion and unorganized code. This was basically the same situation that was experienced with MediaCow Touch 2. 

The current version of the website, ctclsite-rust, I am well aware that it is slow, inefficient and difficult to maintain. I am basically stuck with the ctclsite backend until I can put together a proper plan for InfoSite.

## Personal - New York
On Monday, November 25, I begun the annual trip to central New York and returned on Saturday, November 30.

### PC On the Go
This time, I have done something I have not done before: I brought a desktop computer, ["Polybutylene Terephthalate"](/projects/wbpc/#pc_pbt), with me along with two monitors. In early 2023, I rebuilt the desktop into a smaller case. The idea behind using a smaller case was to improve portability specifically for instances such as this where I would be away from home for extended period of time. Until now, I have not had an instance where I would benefit from this.

I brought a Raspberry Pi with me with the idea where I can set it up as a router that connects to the Wi-Fi network of where we were staying and route everything over OpenVPN to the home network to be able access the servers effectively seamlessly. Due to lack of HDMI adapters, I had to connect the Pi to a TV for configuration that cannot be done over the network. Due to directories and configuration files constantly changing with Raspberry Pi OS updates, the connection between the Pi and the PC constantly dropping without any warning or explanation and the Pi having to be on the floor in order for the HDMI cable to reach the TV and the Ethernet cable to reach the PC, I eventually gave up and used USB tethering on the phone with a VPN configuration on the PC. 

### Micron Technology
On Tuesday, November 26, me and my father went to Clay/Cicero, New York to check the progress of the Micron Technology plant that was announced in October 2022. This year, signage stating the location is of the future Micron Technology plant is present.

Part of me didn't believe that Micron was going through with the plan until I saw signage stating that specifically the location is of Micron.

I have been told that groundbreaking did not start due to the presence of endangered species of bat.

## Personal - Other Things
This week was challenging but eventful.

### College
My performance in college has been awful since the incident at the beginning of last week (Week 47). I do not foresee passing the English class. 

I did a lot more things away from the computer than I expected while I was in New York so I could not complete much schoolwork or even personal projects.

