I have made it through the first week of 2025. I have been working on some changes.

## Projects
As I have successfully completed a project recently, though relatively small, I have felt more eager to complete projects.

### The Website
With the success of StaticSite, I plan to look through most, if not all, of the pages on this website and fix anything.

### MediaCow Touch 2
I have started to push for the development of MediaCow Touch 2 again but making sure I have a solid plan before doing so, especially after it has became much more complex. I have mentioned the Part 11 blog post before but I have never gotten to finish it. I plan to have this blog post out at some point within the next week.

I have started to use QCAD for case design. It does not have as much of a learning curve compared to any other 2D CAD I have used.

### Steam Deck
I have received the Steam Deck OLED on January 3. I found it's ability to play many PC games while producing minimal heat impressive.

The Steam Deck is quite useful as a mobile PC. I have been able to use VSCodium on the Desktop Mode with a Bluetooth keyboard.

### Codenames
On January 3, 2025, I have started the phaseout of codenames for PC hardware. Codenames relating to psychoactive substances are to be phased out first for personal and social health; I felt as they trivialized use of the medications they were named after and this had a negative impact over my health.

I plan to phase out codenames for software too for unrelated reasons; codenames being assigned to software often resulted in confusion with implementations in specific programming languages.

### SLAG/MCB
I have renamed the codebase of SLAG to MCB for Modular Chat Bot. The name of the bot itself would remain to be SLAG. This is because the codebase is not specific to the one implementation, SLAG. I do not expect to work on this soon since there is no immediate need for it.

## Other Projects
Projects of others that I have worked on or projects made specifically for games.

### The Cleaning Game
The Portal 2 mod, The Cleaning Game, that I have helped playtest since 2021 has been released on Steam this week. It has came a long way since I have started helping playtest it. I am credited in the game currently, as "CTCL". I did not realise that everyone else was to be referred to by their real names.

I felt as I have not done as much to help with the game's development as I wanted to. I would continue to playtest the game, reporting any bugs I find. I did help in the adding of support for the Steam Deck.

### CCPDA
On January 3, I made minor changes to CCPDA while starting to write a script named "pack.lua" that should significantly reduce the effort to install in-game. I added preliminary support for ComputerCraft versions for Minecraft 1.7.10, specifically 1.75 that I have used in my playthrough of the modpack Material Energy^4 from 2015.

It still does not work after the changes I have made. Game-related software is low on my priorities so I do not plan to fix this any time soon.

## Personal
I have entered 2025 with doubt about the near future. Though the future appears bleak, I would try to make the most of this time.

