## Projects
Project management remains an issue.

### MonitorCow
The case design for MonitorCow ended up being a bit more complex than I expected. 

I could not find any place with a 3D printer large enough to print the case parts whole so I decided to come up with a way to have each part split in half. I still would not be able to 3D print the case on my Ender V2 as both dimensions are over 200mm. A makerspace near here has a 3D printer that can print objects up to 350mm x 350mm but they also have a wood CNC machine. I am still on the fence about if I should 3D print the case or carve the pieces out of MDF (particle board).

### NetWiki
My experience with SQL and databases is still limited. I still seem to be confused on how the app should generate SQL statements for setup and accesses.

### Lysine
After doing some research on packaging for PyPi (Python) and Crates (Rust), I determined that it is possible for me to be able to publish packages for both Python and Rust from a single Git repository. Starting November 2, 2024, all Lysine code would be in one [repository](https://github.com/ctcl-bregis/lysine).

### MediaCow Touch 2
Recently, I briefly looked over the block diagrams and schematics I had for MediaCow Touch 2 and a lot of it seems to be a undecipherable mess.

I may have had an insufficient amount of planning for the project prior to developing schematics and electrical block diagrams.

## Personal
Well... it is November already. I have not done as much as I wanted to this year with personal projects.

On November 2, 2024, I have lowered my dosage of fluoxetine, starting the process to eventually discontinue the use of it entirely. What I would face emotionally when the effects of lowering the dosage set in is currently unknown. It was a difficult decision but I believe that the outcome could be beneficial. 

On November 4, 2024, I noticed a drastic difference in my mood. As a preventative measure, I have discontinued the use of both Discord and Instagram. This is why I would no longer be available on either for at least a couple weeks.

